Let's continue working on our root root handler.
So I'm back inside of my roots products not J.S. file again.
Remember that we have two products not just files at this point in time I'm not really going to be opening
up anything inside the admin directory anymore so any time that I reference products not J.S. I'm always
talking about the immediate one that's inside of our roots directory so inside of here right now we're
just sending the text of products but instead to actually show a correct listing of products to our
user like what we have in the market back over here we need to reach into our repository get out a list
of all the products we have and then send them off to some template to be rendered onto the screen so
to get started at the very top of this file.
I'm going to get access to our products repo so I'll do products repo is require up one directory repositories
then inside of our root root handler.
We can do a counts products is a weight products repo not get all.
We haven't really used the get all method in a while just as a quick reminder.
All it does is reach into that file whichever file is storing all of our records and reads everything
directly out there and returns it to us in an array their products right here is going to be an array
of objects.
Each product will have the I.D. the title the product the price and the actual image as well now rather
than doing a send of some text right here we can instead create a new template.
So inside of my views directory I'm going to create a new folder inside they're called products.
And then inside I'll make a new file called index dot J.S..
So once again notice that we have a admin directory inside of use.
We're not going to be working inside the admin directory much anymore.
Instead we're going to be working inside of views directly.
So we just made that new folder inside of views not admin and created the indexed not just file and
inside of here.
We're going to have some very similar structure to what we were doing for all of our admin templates.
We need to have a layout at some point time that's going to render our layout specifically for the customer
facing side of our product.
We won't worry about that just yet.
So right now let's just create a template that will render out all the different products we have inside
of here.
I'll do a module that exports I'm going to expect that this will be called with an object that's going
to contain all of our different products inside of it
than inside.
We can iterate or do a mapping statement over that big list of products for each one we can print out
some information and eventually throw it into a big list of sorts so inside of here I'll say rendered
products is products stop map then for each product we're going to return a little HDL snippet the Now
let's try to display each product just the title in the price inside of a unordered list.
So a well element.
Each individual product will be displayed inside of an ally.
So for each product we'll display an ally and inside of your.
I'll print out the product title and a dash and then product dot price
I remember when we do a mapping statement as we have right here we're going to end up with an array
of strings.
We don't want to show an array of strings inside of some HMO inside we want.
Instead we want to join all these array of strings together into one single big string.
So at the very end of the map statement we'll do a join on empty string
and finally at the bottom I will return a multiplied string and like I said we're going to right now
just do a u l element and inside there we'll show our big list of rendered products all right.
So we definitely are going to come back through here and apply a layout and also a lot more each team
L to show each individual product.
What this will do for right now it's going to save this.
I'm gonna go back to my product start j ust file so here's our root handler.
We're just working on at the top are going to require in the template that we just created the products
index template and all require that from up one directory views products index
and then in place of the resort sent I'll do a resort send with products index template and remember
whenever we call this template we're gonna pass an object that has all of our products inside of it.
And as usual condense it down to just products okay.
So this is looking pretty good.
And he has time to do a quick test.
So going to save this file I'm going to save the template we just created.
I'm gonna go back over to my application and I'm going to navigate to my root route again which is just
local host colon 3000 low refresh.
And there we go there's our products.
So I can see each title in the price as well.
Now of course there's definitely a lot of styling that needs to be done here to get to this point in
time but at least we can show these all out on the list inside the browser.
So let's not take a quick pause right here.
When we come back the next section this is like some pretty easy stuff we're going through right now.
So we're going to once again get a template file so I'm going to give you some HCM L to just throw directly
inside of here.
And I'm also gonna give you some pre done layout as well that's going to have a lot of the other stuff
that you see on the screen here.
So like a header with some links at the top all that kind of good stuff.
So great pause and let's do some additional setup in just a moment.